CONTRIBUTING.md File (#2)
TheAlgorithms/Julia: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to contribute?

#### **Did you find a bug?**

- Please avoid opening issues asking to be "assigned” to a particular algorithm. This merely creates unnecessary noise for maintainers. Instead, please submit your implementation in a pull request and it will be evaluated by project maintainers.

#### **Do you have questions about the source code?**

> - Ask any question about how to use the repository in the [TheAlgorithms room in Gitter](https://gitter.im/TheAlgorithms/community?source=orgpage#)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ask any questions about how to use the repository in the [The Algorithms room in Gitter](https://gitter.im/TheAlgorithms/community?source=orgpage#) or [Discord](https://discord.gg/c7MnfGFGa6).
```

> That is all you need to know about the process now it is your turn to help us improve the repository, thank you! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is all you need to know about the process. Now it is your turn to help us improve the repository; thank you! 
```
